---
sidebar_position: 10000
---

# Important Notice

### Xtouch Operating Modes and Best Practices

1. **BBL Lan Mode (LAN Only)**

   - In LAN-only mode, the Xtouch operates independently of cloud services when connected to a BambuLab printer. All essential printer functions, including control and monitoring, are fully accessible without a cloud account.

2. **BBL Lan Cloud Mode**

   - To utilize cloud features, the Xtouch requires cloud mode to be enabled. This ensures continued access to advanced controls like heaters and print management when your printer is linked to a cloud account.

3. **Firmware Updates**

   - Always verify the firmware compatibility of your printer with the Xtouch by referring to the compatibility list on the product page. Installing unsupported firmware may result in limited functionality, which is not covered under the product warranty.

4. **Power Preferences**
   - For stable operation during frequent printer usage, connect the Xtouch to a 5V DC power source. This minimizes wear on the internal battery and enhances reliability.
   - To switch to battery operation, use the toggle on the back of the Xtouch, providing portable functionality when needed.

### Compatible firmware versions

#### Xtouch is compatible with the following Bambu Lab printer firmware versions:

| Model   | FW           |
| ------- | ------------ |
| P1P     | v01.06.01.02 |
| P1S     | v01.06.01.02 |
| X1C     | v01.08.02.00 |
| A1      | v01.03.01.02 |
| A1 Mini | v01.03.01.02 |

:::danger[Warning]

While Xtouch works seamlessly with these versions, future firmware updates from Bambu Lab could potentially impact its functionality. We continuously monitor beta firmware releases and will inform users through our main website and social media channels if any firmware changes affect compatibility.
:::

:::tip[Future Updates]
Users can decide whether to update their printer firmware, understanding that some features might be impacted. Please note that the Xtouch warranty does not cover any functionality issues caused by firmware updates to Bambu Lab printers.
:::
