---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Chrome Extension

The Chrome extension is an essential tool for generating the initial configuration file and managing the xtouch screen remotely, especially since the BambuLab token expires every three months. **It must be installed before proceeding with the online installer, as the installer will redirect you to BambuLab upon completion.**

#### Download and Install the Extension

1. **Download the Extension**  
   Click this link to download the Chrome extension:

   :::info[Download Extension]
   **[Download Chrome Extension](https://github.com/xperiments/xtouch-pro-ext/releases/latest/download/xtouch-pro-ext.zip)**
   :::

2. **Save the Extension Securely**

   - Save the downloaded `.zip` file in a safe location, such as a dedicated "xtouch" folder in your Documents or a backup drive.
   - This ensures the files are not accidentally deleted.

3. **Unzip the Extension**

   - Extract the `.zip` file contents into the secure location.

4. **Add the Extension to Chrome**

   - Open **Google Chrome** and go to **chrome://extensions/**.
   - Enable **Developer Mode** by toggling the switch in the top-right corner.
   - Click **Load unpacked** and select the folder where you extracted the extension files.
   - The extension will now be installed and visible in Chrome.

5. **Pin the Extension for Easy Access**
   - Click the **Extensions** icon (puzzle piece) in the top-right corner of Chrome.
   - Find the xtouch extension in the list and click the **pin icon** next to it.
   - The extension will now appear in the Chrome toolbar for quick and easy access.
